thing that we can also do is
disable the the screensaver
regularly, what are you going to do about
putting the mouse over the text of the
desktop and you're going to customize
or will it be to the properties if you're
in windows xp and you will see once a
little girl who is going to say
screensaver or things like that not here in this
case we are going to do it where it says
we'll see
because you're going to do it where it says
screensaver I in this case appears
this symbol because I do not have it
activated then you will deactivate another
very important thing that we can also
do to improve stability
of our computer is to make it a
clean up
a cleaning this this disc clean up
or cleaning the disc
practically it serves you to erase things
in your machine as cookies are
cookies and many things I'll tell you
how I did it
in windows vista or windows 7 nothing more
you write clean up
or disk cleanup and automatically you
it's going to look like if you have windows xp you're going
to go to all the programs is going to be
accessories
you're going to go where it says there are tools or
system tools and there you will see
the disk link up ok you're going to open it and
you are going to select the drive in this
case you know that the most computers
recent bring
a partition where the system comes
operative because in this case the cce is
where we have the operating system and
all our programs and there we go
to give ok
once this window appears you
we are going to select all this all that
I will also erase you from the trash can
and we give it to erase
in this way you are releasing your
machine of things that you do not use and
especially we will give you more
speed now let's do it since
we finished deleting all the files
they do not deal with now we're going to go to
do
a fragment that in Spanish would be like
defrag your hard drive
in windows xp we are going to do it
same way in existing accessories and
here you will see fragment in windows 7
and in view then nothing else you put
de frank de fragment in Spanish is
defrag
you are going to select
the cce and you do not give him to analyze you go
to give to do the process once
in this case I will not do it but you
you're going to leave it doing all night
Sometimes it can take an hour two hours
three hours depends ok
another point and the last one that I'm going to
to mention so that your machine is
exactly as you need it is that
have an antivirus installed but that
antivirus that is not so heavy I 'm going to
give an example
for example some machines come with
a sample of this system this
antivirus called norton
I personally do not use norton
because it makes my computer very slow
especially when the prendo takes
I do not know what is due and that
program has so many things that already each
while it is updating that same me
despair in its entirety
then I 'm going to recommend a
antivirus that not many people know
it's called microsoft security essentials
this
antivirus is very very good and let me
tell you it's from Microsoft but you know
what is the best that is free
how are we going to find it we are going to go
to google
and we're going to write microsoft
security essentials
and the first one that will seem to you is the
website of them
and here you will be able to download it even
it comes in several languages
let's put Spanish and if you select
the type of operating system that you have
if you have shakespeare windows 7 of 32
bits or 64
and you install the only requirement that
you need to be able to complete
correctly installing this from
this software is that your system
operative is legitimate if you are
using one that was pirate or what
you bought out there and have a serial
name that you got on the internet does not
it's going to work because you're going to bali
to validate the serial name of your from your
operating system so if your machine
already came with the operating system then
well this is to be sure that the serial
name then it is legitimate then it goes to
pass the validation test
and well
I gave you practically all the
necessary tools for you
machine is perfectly
when you have an event and when
use thickened software such as peace and
dj or virtual dj or even programs for
edit video
if you liked what I explained to you please
I ask you to leave me a comment or you
register to our channel because every
eight days we will be
uploading relevant information about
djs and karaoke
make